
## correspondence

### 2019-05-17

**RL** D7 presentation notes.

When not working in ggplot2, to create small multiples you can create an
individual PNG for each country or region. Once they are created, you
can assemble them in rows using magick then assmble those in a stack
using magick.

### 2019-05-10

**RL** D6 presentation notes.

Parallel coordinate.

Use of same propeller data set is OK

good use of parallel coordintae graph

Replace axis abbreviations with words, possibly swap the axes so the
terms can be read (or angle the words)

On the dense lines graph, reduce the alpha of the lines

Try eta in the second position

Possibly compare the propellers pair-wise

Change “eta” to the greek symbol, or replace it with the terf
“efficiency”

Highlight the color of the best of the two

### 2019-05-03

**RL** D5 presentation notes.

Good work.

Can this vote be compared to a similar vote from an earlier Congress?

<http://images.politico.com/global/2015/04/24/polarization_graphic_small.jpg>

## correspondence

### 2019-04-26

**RL** D4 presentation notes.

Could be building codes that cause low residential PM.

Possibly label the top one or two lines with the country label in each
panel.

Long quote could be in the critique.

Lines gray, grids lighter gray

Possibly inset a bar chart to humanize

Image above each panel showing us what PM looks like, e.g.

### 2019-04-19

**RL** D3 presentation notes. c Good work.

Same data plus additional quantitative variables coud be dataset for a
co-plot (3 or 4 quantities) or a parallel-coord plot (any number of
quantitative variables)

### 2019-04-05

**RL** D2 presentation notes.

Possibly, look at distribution of events to determine the cut points
between bins or possibly a finer division of time into hours?

Time as category is OK

Does the dual multiway tell an interesting story?

### 2019-03-29

**RL** D1 presentation notes.

The introduction you gave us verbally is the basis for a written
introduction in the report.

After the main graph, you might subset the data to show another graph
with significant stories.

Country could be a panel-level category to look at our trade with
specific countries. Then the rows would be ordered by the median to see
what industries are most notable.

Linear scale might improve the story to tell.

**RL** The links on the README page all work except for the displays.

The main image disappeared—possibly due to a version control conflict.
Please make sure that the image is restored to the resources directory.

I don’t see any data. I would have hoped that by now you would have been
examining some data for graphing, even if a graph wasn’t ready. I can’t
emphasize enough how important it is that you work ahead on acquiring
data that meets the data requirements for the various displays. This is
the single most important obstacle that has kept past students from
being as successful as they might have been.

**TR** Fixed.

### 2019-03-10

**RL** I’ve revised the prompts for the week 2 reading. Please update
your reading response file. Remember to complete your responses in
writing before class on Tuesday.
<https://github.com/DSR-RHIT/me447-visualizing-data/blob/master/reports/reading-prompts-1.Rmd>

**RL** This is an example of a second comment in reverse chronological
order.

**RD** And its response.

### 2019-02-10

**RL** I will use this Rmd file for corresponding with you about your
portfolio. Entries will be dated and listed in reverse chronological
order–that is, with the most recent at the top of the page. You should
record your responses directly below, for example:

**RD** This is a sample response to the comment above.
